# `NewASM` Release Notes
Welcome to **`NewASM`**: interpreted low-level language that mimics assembly.

- Version: `0.1.1`
- Release: `2`
- Release type: `test`

*NOTE*: This is a pre-release which means that this product version doesn't represent the final quality of the product - it may contain bugs and problems that aren't yet discovered.


## What's new
* If you create a struct that hasn't been closed, an interpreter will throw an exception. You can find more about this error in the exit code table.
* If you attempt to create a struct within a struct code block, an interpreter will also throw an exception.

## What's changed

* Product version ID now also contains one of 3 following release type labels:
    1. `test` - the build is under the testing phase;
    2. `stable` - the build is stable and ready for use;
    3. `unstable` - the build is unstable, you may encounter issues with it.
* Source code has been split into more modules, enhancing productivity.

## Fixed issues

* Fixed an issue where the contents of the `tlr` register were not printed using the `5`th system call in the input and output stream module.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Building from source
- Use the following command to compile your own build of `NewASM`; make sure that you have G++ installed:

```bash
C:\path_to_your_compiler\g++ -static -std=c++20 index.cpp -o index.exe
```

- If you are using Windows Subsystem for Linux, use the following command:

```bash
wsl g++ -m32 -static -std=c++20 index.cpp -o index.out
```

### Downloading
- Download one of the following archives that suits your system. Once you have downloaded it, extract the archive into a folder of your choice and begin using the application.

### Using the application
- Use the following command to execute your `NewASM` programs on Windows:

```bash
newasm -input yourfile.asm
```

- If you are on Linux, just add the `.out` extension:

```bash
./newasm.out -input yourfile.asm
```

### Writing your first `NewASM` app

- Create the file named `yourfile.asm`, or just name it whatever you like, and edit it with an editor of your choice:

```asm
_ : start
    mov . tlr , "Hello world!"
    mov . stl , %endl
    mov . fdx , 1
    syscall . 0 , %ios
    retn . 0 , 0
```

Output:
```
Hello world!
```