# `NewASM` Release Notes
Welcome to **`NewASM`**: interpreted low-level language that mimics assembly.

- Version: `0.1.1`
- Release: `3`
- Release type: `test`

*NOTE*: This is a pre-release which means that this product version doesn't represent the final quality of the product - it may contain bugs and problems that aren't yet discovered.


## What's new
* This update introduces a new data type - `char`; or character. To declare a character, use:

```asm
_:data
    char $ myvariablename = 'c'
```
* Added `%ios` system call `7`. Now you can use this system call to print single characters.

* Added `%ios` system call `8`; you can use this system call to ask for single character input.

* If you try to create an empty procedure (taking up space), you will get an exception.

## What's changed

* The `cmp` instrucion has been adapted to support character variables as well.

* The `load` instruction used for the heap allocation now also supports the character data type.

* If you try to change the section inside the procedure code block, you will get an invalid syntax exception.

## Fixed issues

- No fixed issues.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Building from source
- Use the following command to compile your own build of `NewASM`; make sure that you have G++ installed:

```bash
C:\path_to_your_compiler\g++ -static -std=c++20 index.cpp -o index.exe
```

- If you are using Windows Subsystem for Linux, use the following command:

```bash
wsl g++ -m32 -static -std=c++20 index.cpp -o index.out
```

### Downloading
- Download one of the following archives that suits your system. Once you have downloaded it, extract the archive into a folder of your choice and begin using the application.

### Using the application
- Use the following command to execute your `NewASM` programs on Windows:

```bash
newasm -input yourfile.asm
```

- If you are on Linux, just add the `.out` extension:

```bash
./newasm.out -input yourfile.asm
```

### Writing your first `NewASM` app

- Create the file named `yourfile.asm`, or just name it whatever you like, and edit it with an editor of your choice:

```asm
_ : start
    mov . tlr , "Hello world!"
    mov . stl , %endl
    mov . fdx , 1
    syscall . 0 , %ios
    retn . 0 , 0
```

Output:
```
Hello world!
```